The user will enter 4 input files, in the following order format:
Biological Read 1, index 1 (bio-read 1's associated index), index 2, then Biological Read 2, 
in that order. Another argument is entered for the index file (a list of the indexes used for the experiment 
and the associated information with them), and then a q-score cutoff value.

The q-score cutoff value is applied to the indexes associated with the biological reads - the index is moved 
through, nucleotide by nucleotide, and the phred score at each position is examined. If the phred score of any 
of the positions is below the cutoff, the index and associated reads are "thrown out" and categorized as low quality.

A record, as defined for the purposes of this program, is one set of 4 lines (A header, sequence, "+" line, and phred score line - 
the four lines in a fastq file) from each of the 4 following files: Bio. Read 1 and 2, and index 1 and 2. Together, these 16 lines 
comprise a record. All records correspond to each other throughout the progression of the program - e.g.: the fifth record in 
Bio. Read 1 corresponds (and is processed at the same time as) the fifth record in index 2.

The output will be 4 files for reads with un-matched indexes, and a forward and reverse file for each 
matched index pair (explained below).

- unk_lowq_forward file
- unk_lowq_reverse file
For reads that have indexes that are not in the indexes file, or indexes that have been rated as low quality, 
by virtue of the q-score cutoff value. These are sorted into forward reads and reverse reads for 
Biological Read 1 and 2 respectively.

-index_hopped_forward
-index_hopped_reversed
For records that have index pairs that do not match each other - to satisfy the criteria for "matched" index pairs 
one must be in the index list, and the other index must be the reverse complement of that index. Forward and reverse 
reads are still relative to biological Read 1 and 2, respectively.

The remaining files will be named after the index which is associated with Biological Read 1, and each set of 2 files will 
still be grouped into forward and reverse in the same manner as the previous categories.

Example:
C10_match_forward.fq
C10_match_reverse.fq

To match and fit into this set of groupings, index 1 for the record must be in the list of indexes provided, and index 2 for 
the record must be the reverse complement of index 1. In addition, the indexes must pass the quality-score filter - that is each 
position of the index must have a phred score above the q-score cutoff value.

In addition to the files in these 3 categories, a statistics.txt file will be output, showing the overall percentage of occurrence for 
each of the matched records (e.g.: index A1 matches comprised 3.7% of the overall amount of index matches).
